# Generating Clickstream events data using Python

### Use Case
You're a data engineer, responsible for designing, building, and maintaining the data infrastructure that supports your organization’s data-driven initiatives. 
You are tasked with generating clickstream data from an e-commerce website that sells clothing and accessories.
You want to analyze the clickstream data generated by the website to gain insights into user behavior and improve the overall user experience.

The script generates clickstream data and saves it to an S3 bucket. You can then use Amazon S3 to analyze the data and gain insights into user behavior. 
For example, you can use Amazon Athena to query the data and generate reports on user navigation, preferences, and engagement levels. 
You can also use Amazon QuickSight to create visualizations and dashboards that help you monitor the performance of your website and identify areas for improvement.

### Prerequisites:

* An EC2 instance running a Linux machine.
* An IAM role that has permissions to write data to the S3 bucket.
* An IAM policy that grants write access to the S3 bucket.

### Installation
Connect to the EC2 instance and install these packages using the `yum` package manager:


#### Update the package list
```
sudo yum update -y
```
### Install Python
```
sudo yum install python3 -y
```
### Install pip
```
sudo yum install python3-pip -y
```
### Install boto3
```
sudo pip3 install boto3
```

### Usage
To generate clickstream data and save it to an S3 bucket, run:

```
python generate_clickstream_data.py <RECORDS> <MAX_SECONDS_BETWEEN_EVENTS>
```
where `<RECORDS>` is the number of records to generate and `<MAX_SECONDS_BETWEEN_EVENTS>` is the maximum number of seconds between events.

### S3 Bucket
The generated clickstream data is saved to an S3 bucket named `my-clickstream-bucket`.

### License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.
